If your reading this then you have decided to continue working on the project

I dont have time to do these things before the 15th

there are a handfull of things that are nessisary to do to get the project back into fighting shape.  
	All of the assets submitted by may 14th 12pm are in the project

	additional images might need to be scaled and reformated these are the root images in the files and not the image objects in the game.
		all of the other images are formated as a square 800X800px .png and might need to be scaled to look corect in that format.
		some of the files have .png.png file type just ignore it if it happens unity just delete the 2nd .png .
		be sure to convert then to 2d UI sprites in unity
	
	there is a system and description within the weapons utility and armor class scripts.  they are virtually identical.
		there werent enough character descriptions to warant adding a loading system in the description menu with time constraints.
			just mimic the system within the inventory menu system and add the loading methods to the survivor class
			when giving them specific names and back strories remove the survivors from the betweenPhaseData and create a method for that survivor then assign the survivor by method in the betweenPhaseData

		If you prefer you can also simply wright the descriptions in code under the appropriate page (page numbers are inverted in script)
			note: if you do this you then that page needs to point to that survivor and that survivor only and might need an exemption added to the lacalList[]

	Adding objs from the prefab imports folder.  
		This is the folder used for all of the raw objects entering the game.
			these objects will need to be sized, named, have additional assets added underneath, coliders, and need to be incorperated into the pathfinder
	
		They are not all at the same scale and will need to be mostly eyeballed into scale within unity 

		materials need to be made from the mtls which are located in Imagery/ObjectImages/Mtl

	Advise that you make a backup before modifying scripts
		additional enemies or targets need to be added to the infected AI and need to be taged as enemy to be recognised by the player characters.
		
		Dont not remove Bypass.  It dosnt do much but it does tie together importand scripts and they need to be activated after start but within the first update frame
		
		if the game is not updating between scenes make sure betweenPhaseData is false in every scene but main menu.
		
		some of the perks are complex and effect multiple systems mainly the mouse manager, change selected member script, and infected AI
			if you have an error look there first
		
		the only perk that I left active at all times was injured. - this might cause unpredicted effect when testing 
			turn this off by selecting the survivor and deactivating injured within modifyerTester Dont just deactivat the whole script or you will get null errors

		the order that scripts are added to the objects matters
			be sure if you remove or replace one that you put the new one back in the same spot

		Some scripts refer directly to child object positions instead of searching for a name
			children cant be searched directly and must be found by searching the parent then the next child and so on.
			if you get a null error durring play you likely need to add either a parent or a child to the object (even if they are just empty placeholders)

		Those are the problems that you might face that arnt otherwise documented by txt files or comments.  

Fair warning this project is more complex than it seems on the surface